https://codepen.io/Cloudsurfer35/pen/KKmzdzN?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning.
 
2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) is the code that is used to structure a web page and its content.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 tag is usually the main header or the title of the page. Usually not to be used more than once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
"img", and "a"

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Information about the whole page, or title.

7. What is an id? 
HTML id Attribute: The id attribute is a unique identifier which is used to specify the document. It is used by CSS and JavaScript to perform a certain task for a unique element.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Headers, sections, paragraphs...

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once per page.

10. What is a class?
The class name can be used by CSS and JavaScript to perform certain tasks for elements with the specified class name.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
Any HTML element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
As much as you like. 

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links.

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The ALT text adds a text description to an image on a Web page.

15. How do I reference an id?
Write a hash character (#), followed by an id name.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning

17. What is CSS used for?
Styling our HTML.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{} in CSS.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, and the “class” selector can apply to multiple elements.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.class p{}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The "parent, child" selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Could be useful to design multiple child elements with one declaration.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
#sidebar div{}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
The line-height property.

26. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
The line-height property.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The text-transform CSS property specifies how to capitalize an element's text.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
<div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div>

29. How do I select everything on the page?
The * selector selects all elements.

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
pwd . 

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
 
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
With the command prompt open, enter del /f filename. You need to be careful to not delete important files, to never be seen again.

34. Why should I use version control? 
Allows you to create a project with multiple inputs from other simultaneously.   

35. How often should I commit to github?
If you're using Git, then commit whenever you finish a step.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
Git push -u origin master is used for pushing local content to GitHub. 
    
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
First fork, then clone, push, and pull & compare. 